This will serve as a location for me to put down my thoughts on my Amsterdam trip.I've never left the country on my own before, so I imagine there will be a lot to learn on this trip. Ideally, this document will be full by the time I finish the trip. Obviously I will be inebriated for the majority of my trip, but I reckon that just means my ideas will be more out there, yes, but hopefully more creative as well.

Dear god travel is hell.

I'm leaving Amsterdam a day late after getting off the plane voluntarily after a potential 2.5 hour wait was announced due to radar failure in all of southern England. They ended up fixing it id guess 10 minutes after I got off the plane. I missed a $300 train to London, got a hotel, slept, got the next train to London and everything is going well so far. 

I smell like shit (did i mention my clothes are in London?) but im certainly learning. I've learned that life will never give you consistency. For some reason I never equated consistency with a lack of change in my mind before now. I knew I liked consistency, and it was something my parents fought to give me in terms of where we lived and where I went to school. Consistency seemed natural, and commonplace. However, the only constant in the world is change. It just never occurred to me for some reason that consistency is the very opposite of change. 

In much lighter news, Amsterdam is cool as fuck. Ben, Willow, and I kinda just drank like I do at home. We got a bottle of something strong and kinda js drank that in the room, but the few beers (Heineken) were fantastic. Makes sense as we literally walked past where they brew it. The bike infrastructure is fantastic, and the architecture looks a lot like New york. I can see how the dutch started all that in the US. It should be noted that literally everyone where knows SOME English. 

Either way... I guess that kinda concludes Amsterdam. I may make a guide to taking a trip here, detailing hotels, restaurants, etc. If I do, it'll be linked to the right [[Amsterdam Guide]]